Prompt for feedback (#13)
USGS-R/snakemake-introduction: issues/issue_5.md

Did the pipeline run as expected?
If not, track down any problems, or ask your instructor for assistance.
If so, congratulations! The pipeline is complete.

> Submit one last PR to your instructor, if you have one, on a branch named "issue-5".

Author: ```suggestion
If you have an instructor, submit one last PR to them on a branch named "issue-5".
```
